file name pls: KWIC2_input1.txt

"Good!" said Holmes. "Excellent!"
Dr. Mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man
Oaxaca es la ciudad mas bella
La guerra del golfo fue un error
Mr. Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes who was usually very late in the mornings
infrequent occasions when he was up all night
I was seated at the breakfast table.
I stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before.
To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his friends of the C.C.H.,"
"Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
Ingresa las los números de líneas que te gustaría borrar (-1 para terminar)
3
5
-1
quieres usar stop words? (y/n): y
file name pls: KWIC2_stop2.txt

Quieres que tu sort sea Ascendente o Descendente?
1 para Ascendente / 2 para Descendente
2
you make it? "well, watson, what do
who was usually very late in mornings sherlock holmes
what do you make it? "well, watson,
watson, what do you make it? "well,
was usually very late in mornings sherlock holmes who
was seated at breakfast table. i
was all night infrequent occasions he
visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our
very late in mornings sherlock holmes who was usually
usually very late in mornings sherlock holmes who was
upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood
un error guerra del golfo
to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from friends c.c.h.,"
table. i was seated at breakfast
successful, elderly medical man dr. mortimer
stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i
stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked
sherlock holmes who was usually very late in mornings
seated at breakfast table. i was
said holmes. "excellent!" "good!"
picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and
our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick
occasions he was all night infrequent
night infrequent occasions he was all
night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him
mortimer, m.r.c.s., from friends c.c.h.," to james
mortimer successful, elderly medical man dr.
mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very late in
medical man dr. mortimer successful, elderly
man dr. mortimer successful, elderly medical
make it? "well, watson, what do you
m.r.c.s., from friends c.c.h.," to james mortimer,
left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had
late in mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very
james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from friends c.c.h.," to
it? "well, watson, what do you make
infrequent occasions he was all night
in mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very late
i was seated at breakfast table.
i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before.
holmes. "excellent!" "good!" said
holmes who was usually very late in mornings sherlock
him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind
hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon
he was all night infrequent occasions
had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor
guerra del golfo un error
golfo un error guerra del
from friends c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s.,
friends c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from
error guerra del golfo un
elderly medical man dr. mortimer successful,
dr. mortimer successful, elderly medical man
do you make it? "well, watson, what
del golfo un error guerra
c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from friends
breakfast table. i was seated at
behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left
before. i stood upon hearth-rug and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night
at breakfast table. i was seated
and picked stick our visitor had left behind him night before. i stood upon hearth-rug
all night infrequent occasions he was
"well, watson, what do you make it?
"good!" said holmes. "excellent!"
"excellent!" "good!" said holmes.
Ingresa las los números de líneas que te gustaría borrar (-1 para terminar)
25
-1
nombre de output pls: output3.txt