"excellent!" "good!" said holmes. 
"good!" said holmes. "excellent!"
"well, watson, what do you make of it?
a successful, elderly medical man dr. mortimer is 
all night infrequent occasions when he was up 
and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug 
at the breakfast table. i was seated 
before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night 
behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left 
bella oaxaca es la ciudad mas 
breakfast table. i was seated at the 
c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends of the 
ciudad mas bella oaxaca es la 
del golfo fue un error la guerra 
do you make of it? "well, watson, what 
dr. mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man
elderly medical man dr. mortimer is a successful, 
error la guerra del golfo fue un 
es la ciudad mas bella oaxaca 
friends of the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his 
from his friends of the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., 
fue un error la guerra del golfo 
golfo fue un error la guerra del 
guerra del golfo fue un error la 
had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor 
he was up all night infrequent occasions when 
hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the 
him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind 
his friends of the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from 
holmes mr. sherlock 
holmes who was usually very late in the mornings sherlock 
holmes. "excellent!" "good!" said 
i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before.
i was seated at the breakfast table.
in the mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very late 
infrequent occasions when he was up all night
is a successful, elderly medical man dr. mortimer 
it? "well, watson, what do you make of 
james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends of the c.c.h.," to 
la ciudad mas bella oaxaca es 
la guerra del golfo fue un error
late in the mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very 
left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had 
m.r.c.s., from his friends of the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, 
make of it? "well, watson, what do you 
man dr. mortimer is a successful, elderly medical 
mas bella oaxaca es la ciudad 
medical man dr. mortimer is a successful, elderly 
mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very late in the 
mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man dr. 
mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends of the c.c.h.," to james 
mr. sherlock holmes
night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the 
night infrequent occasions when he was up all 
oaxaca es la ciudad mas bella
occasions when he was up all night infrequent 
of it? "well, watson, what do you make 
of the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends 
our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which 
picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and 
said holmes. "excellent!" "good!" 
seated at the breakfast table. i was 
sherlock holmes mr. 
sherlock holmes who was usually very late in the mornings
stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the 
stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i 
successful, elderly medical man dr. mortimer is a 
table. i was seated at the breakfast 
the breakfast table. i was seated at 
the c.c.h.," to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends of 
the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon 
the mornings sherlock holmes who was usually very late in 
the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him 
the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up 
to james mortimer, m.r.c.s., from his friends of the c.c.h.,"
un error la guerra del golfo fue 
up all night infrequent occasions when he was 
up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked 
upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood 
usually very late in the mornings sherlock holmes who was 
very late in the mornings sherlock holmes who was usually 
visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our 
was seated at the breakfast table. i 
was up all night infrequent occasions when he 
was usually very late in the mornings sherlock holmes who 
watson, what do you make of it? "well, 
what do you make of it? "well, watson, 
when he was up all night infrequent occasions 
which our visitor had left behind him the night before. i stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick 
who was usually very late in the mornings sherlock holmes 
you make of it? "well, watson, what do 
